# Repository Scrapper

This repository contains a Go program and a small API designed to scrape GitHub repositories, specifically Go projects, to generate dependency trees. The program and API consider all the dependencies in the repository while creating the output and restrict dependency generation to only Go projects.

## Features

- Scrapes GitHub repositories to generate dependency trees.
- Supports only Go projects for dependency tree generation.
- Outputs the dependency tree in JSON format.
- Caches the dependency tree on disk as a JSON file for future reference.
- Provides a small API to retrieve dependency trees of Go projects.

## API Endpoint

The API provides the following endpoint:

### `/get-dependency-tree`

- **Method:** POST
- **Request Body:**
  - GitHub repository URL
  - Branch or tag
- **Response:**
  - Dependency tree of the project

## Artifact Struct

The program and API retain information about each package, including the root, in the following struct:

```go
type Artifact struct {
  Name          string
  Version       string
  Dependencies  []*Artifact
}
```

## Example

Suppose we have an imaginary Go project called "A" with the following dependencies:

```
A
|_B
|  |_D
|_C
```

The `output.json` file generated by the program would look like this:

```json
[
    {
        "name": "A",
        "version": "1.0",
        "dependencies": [
            {
                "name": "B",
                "version": "1.0",
                "dependencies": [
                    {
                        "name": "D",
                        "version": "1.0",
                        "dependencies": []
                    }
                ]
            },
            {
                "name": "C",
                "version": "1.0",
                "dependencies": []
            }
        ]
    }
]
```

## Testing

- The program and API have been tested against the provided repository [etcd-io/etcd](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd) with tag `v3.5.5`.
- Additional testing has been conducted against other popular Go projects to ensure robustness and compatibility.
- Readable documentation has been provided within the source code and this README to aid understanding and usage.
- Unit tests have been implemented to validate the correctness and reliability of the program and API.

Feel free to explore and use this program and API to generate dependency trees for Go projects efficiently.

For any questions or feedback, please reach out to the repository owner.

Project URL: [Repository-Scrapper](https://github.com/tarunngusain08/Repository-Scrapper)
